Updates FAQ page (#1346)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/faq/consensys-framework.md

Polygon PoS commit chain relies on a set of validators to secure the network. The role of validators is to run a full node; produce blocks, validate and participate in consensus and commit checkpoints on the Ethereum main-chain. To become a validator, one needs to stake their MATIC tokens with staking management contracts residing on the Ethereum main chain.

> For more details, please refer to the [Validator section](/docs/maintain/validate/getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please refer to the [Validator section](/maintain/validate/getting-started.md).
```

malicious act like double signing, validator downtime which also affects the linked
delegators at that checkpoint.

For more details please refer to 

> [End-to-end flow to a Polygon validator](/docs/maintain/polygon-basics/who-is-validator.md#end-to-end-flow-for-a-polygon-validator) and [Responsibilities of a validator](/docs/maintain/validate/validator-responsibilities.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[End-to-end flow to a Polygon validator](/maintain/polygon-basics/who-is-validator.md#end-to-end-flow-for-a-polygon-validator) and [Responsibilities of a validator](/maintain/validate/validator-responsibilities.md).
```

Validators stake their MATIC tokens as collateral to work for the security of the network and in exchange for their service, earn rewards.

> Please refer to [What is the incentive](/docs/maintain/validator/rewards.md#what-is-the-incentive) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [What is the incentive](/maintain/validator/rewards.md#what-is-the-incentive) for more details.
```

Withdrawing assets back to ethereum is a 2 step process in which the asset tokens have to be first burnt on the Polygon PoS commit chain and then the proof of this burn transaction has to be submitted on the Ethereum chain.

> For more details, refer to [Steps to use the POS bridge](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/getting-started.md#steps-to-use-the-pos-bridge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to [Steps to use the PoS bridge](/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/getting-started.md#steps-to-use-the-pos-bridge).
```

### - How soon are those funds available on the Polygon PoS?

> Around ~22-30 minutes. This is done via a message passing mechanism that is termed as `state sync`. More details can be found [here](/docs/pos/state-sync/state-sync-mechamism.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Around ~22-30 minutes. This is done via a message passing mechanism called `state sync`. More details can be found [here](/pos/state-sync/state-sync-mechamism.md).
```

Does Polygon PoS provide support for users entering without a L1 lock-up (i.e. in the case of onboarding a user directly onto Polygon, then the user wishes to exit to Ethereum mainnet)?

Yes a special bridge mechanism is used to accomplish this. When the user wishes to exit to Ethereum, instead of the usual method of unlocking the tokens from a special contract, it is minted.

> You can read about them [here](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/mintable-assets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read about them [here](/develop/ethereum-polygon/mintable-assets.md).
```

### - How would a user dispute an invalid Polygon PoS transaction? Prove a valid Polygon PoS transaction?

> There is currently no way on-chain to dispute an invalid Polygon PoS transaction. However, validators of the Polygon PoS chain submit periodic checkpoints to Ethereum - you can see more details [here](/docs/pos/heimdall/modules/checkpoint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently no way on-chain to dispute an invalid Polygon PoS transaction. However, validators of the Polygon PoS chain submit periodic checkpoints to Ethereum - you can see more details [here](/pos/heimdall/modules/checkpoint.md).
```

It is possible to verify a transaction on Polygon PoS chain on Ethereum by constructing a Merkle tree proof and verifying it against the periodic checkpoints that happen on Ethereum of the Polygon PoS transaction and receipt Merkle tree roots.

> ### - Once a Polygon user wishes to exit, how soon are the locked-up Layer 1 funds (plus or minus any L2 gains or losses) available back on L1?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### - Once a Polygon user wishes to exit, how soon are the locked-up Layer 1 fund (plus or minus any L2 gains or losses) available back on L1?
```

> Approximately ~1-3 hours depending on the frequency of the [checkpoints](/docs/pos/heimdall/modules/checkpoint.md). The frequency is majorly a function of the cost that the validators are willing to spend on ETH gas fees to submit checkpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Approximately ~1-3 hours depending on the frequency of the [checkpoints](/pos/heimdall/modules/checkpoint.md). The frequency is majorly a function of the cost that the validators are willing to spend on ETH gas fees to submit checkpoints.
```
